c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\UrlShortener.dll
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\UrlShortener.pdb
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\obj\Debug\UrlShortener.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\obj\Debug\UrlShortener.dll
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\obj\Debug\UrlShortener.pdb
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\Common.dll
C:\Users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
C:\Users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
C:\Users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.dll
C:\Users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\Common.pdb
C:\Users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.pdb
C:\Users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
C:\Users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
C:\Users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.xml
C:\Users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\System.Data.HashFunction.MurmurHash.dll
C:\Users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\System.Data.HashFunction.Core.dll
C:\Users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\System.Data.HashFunction.Interfaces.dll
C:\Users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\System.Data.HashFunction.MurmurHash.xml
C:\Users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\System.Data.HashFunction.Core.xml
C:\Users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\System.Data.HashFunction.Interfaces.xml
C:\Users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\UrlServices.dll
C:\Users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\UrlServices.pdb
C:\Users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\StackExchange.Redis.dll
C:\Users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\StackExchange.Redis.pdb
C:\Users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\StackExchange.Redis.xml
C:\Users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\BookSleeve.dll
C:\Users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\BookSleeve.pdb
C:\Users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\BookSleeve.xml
C:\Users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\log4net.dll
C:\Users\saravanb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YikYak\UrlShortener\bin\log4net.xml
